What an awesome list of jokes !!

Don't fart in an Apple Store, because they don't have Windows.
'Knock knock.' 'Who's there?' *10 mins later* 'Java.'
Chuck Norris once rode a bull, and nine months later it had a calf.
Chuck Norris plays racquetball with a waffle iron and a bowling ball.
Chuck Norris uses a night light. Not because Chuck Norris is afraid of the dark, but the dark is afraid of Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris eats beef jerky and craps gunpowder. Then, he uses that gunpowder to make a bullet, which he uses to kill a cow and make more beef jerky. Some people refer to this as the 'Circle of Life.'
The Bible was originally titled 'Chuck Norris and Friends'
Chuck Norris once ate an entire bottle of sleeping pills. They made him blink.
As a teen, Chuck Norris had sex with every nun in a convent tucked away in the hills of Tuscany. Nine months later the nuns gave birth to the 1972 Miami Dolphins, the only undefeated and untied team in professional football history.
If I wanted a warm fuzzy feeling... I’d antialias my graphics!
What many people dont know is Chuck Norris is the founder of planned parenthood. Not even unborn children can escape his wrath.
It is believed dinosaurs are extinct due to a giant meteor. That's true if you want to call Chuck Norris a giant meteor.
Chuck Norris qualified with a top speed of 324 mph at the Daytona 500, without a car.
There are only two things that can cut diamonds: other diamonds, and Chuck Norris.
Linus Torvalds: “Real men don’t use backups... they post their stuff on a public ftp server and let the rest of the world make copies.”
Chuck Norris doesnt wear a watch, HE decides what time it is.
Chuck Norris does not code in cycles, he codes in strikes.
We live in an expanding universe. All of it is trying to get away from Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris never wet his bed as a child. The bed wet itself out of fear.
Scientifically speaking, it is impossible to charge Chuck Norris with 'obstruction of justice.' This is because even Chuck Norris cannot be in two places at the same time.
When you say 'no one's perfect', Chuck Norris takes this as a personal insult.
Chuck Norris is not Irish. His hair is soaked in the blood of his victims.
Chuck Norris's beard can type 140 wpm.
Chuck Norris does not need to type-cast. The Chuck-Norris Compiler (CNC) sees through things. All way down. Always.
Chuck Norris' programs never exit, they terminate.
Some kids play Kick the can. Chuck Norris played Kick the keg.
When J. Robert Oppenheimer said 'I am become death, the destroyer Of worlds', He was not referring to the atomic bomb. He was referring to the Chuck Norris halloween costume he was wearing.
Chuck Norris built a better mousetrap, but the world was too frightened to beat a path to his door.
Chuck Norris eats beef jerky and craps gunpowder. Then, he uses that gunpowder to make a bullet, which he uses to kill a cow and make more beef jerky. Some people refer to this as the 'Circle of Life.'
Chuck Norris wears a live rattlesnake as a condom.
Chuck Norris doesnt wear a watch, HE decides what time it is.
The air around Chuck Norris is always a balmy 78 degrees.
For Spring Break '05, Chuck Norris drove to Madagascar, riding a chariot pulled by two electric eels.
Chuck Norris can access private methods.
Erik Naggum: “Microsoft is not the answer. Microsoft is the question. NO is the answer.”
A Chuck Norris-delivered Roundhouse Kick is the preferred method of execution in 16 states.
Chuck Norris never goes to the dentist because his teeth are unbreakable. His enemies never go to the dentist because they have no teeth.
On his birthday, Chuck Norris randomly selects one lucky child to be thrown into the sun.
Chuck Norris does, in fact, live in a round house.
There?s an order to the universe: space, time, Chuck Norris.... Just kidding, Chuck Norris is first.
Chuck Norris kills anyone that asks: 'Do you want fries with that?'. Because by now everyone should know that Chuck doesn't want fries with anything. Ever.
CNN was originally created as the 'Chuck Norris Network' to update Americans with on-the-spot ass kicking in real-time.
Chuck Norris never wet his bed as a child. The bed wet itself out of fear.
Chuck Norris drives an ice cream truck covered in human skulls.
Chuck Norris writes code that optimizes itself.
When Chuck Norris was born, he immediately had sex with the first nurse he saw. He was her first. She was his third. That afternoon.
I have a good joke on Information Technology, but you won't get IT
Chuck Norris kills anyone that asks: 'Do you want fries with that?'. Because by now everyone should know that Chuck doesn't want fries with anything. Ever.
Theres no place like 127.0.0.1
Chuck Norris? roundhouse kick is so powerful, it can be seen from outer space by the naked eye.
Chuck Norris puts his pants on one leg at a time, just like the rest of us. The only difference is, then he kills people.
Chuck Norris solved the Travelling Salesman problem in O(1) time. Here's the pseudo-code: Break salesman into N pieces. Kick each piece to a different city.
All arrays Chuck Norris declares are of infinite size, because Chuck Norris knows no bounds.
Chuck Norris once kicked a horse in the chin. Its decendants are known today as Giraffes.
To Chuck Norris, everything contains a vulnerability.
Chuck Norris doesn't needs try-catch, exceptions are too afraid to raise.
Chuck Norris once ate an entire bottle of sleeping pills. They made him blink.
NT is the only OS that has caused me to beat a piece of hardware to death with my bare hands.
Chuck Norris doesn't use GUI, he prefers COMMAND line.
Chuck Norris can spawn threads that complete before they are started.
After returning from World War 2 unscrathed, Bob Dole was congratulated by Chuck Norris with a handshake. The rest is history.
On his birthday, Chuck Norris randomly selects one lucky child to be thrown into the sun.
Chuck Norris runs on batteries. Specifically, Die Hards.
Chuck Norris can unit test entire applications with a single assert.
Chuck Norris does not play the lottery. It doesn't have nearly enough balls.
When Chuck Norris sends in his taxes, he sends blank forms and includes only a picture of himself, crouched and ready to attack. Chuck Norris has not had to pay taxes, ever.
There are no steroids in baseball. Just players Chuck Norris has breathed on.
Nobody doesn't like Sara Lee. Except Chuck Norris.
Evolution is God’s way of issuing upgrades.
Guantuanamo Bay, Cuba, is the military code-word for 'Chuck Norris' basement'.
Chuck Norris is the only human being to display the Heisenberg uncertainty principle - you can never know both exactly where and how quickly he will roundhouse-kick you in the face.
On his birthday, Chuck Norris randomly selects one lucky child to be thrown into the sun.
Science Fact: Roundhouse kicks are comprised primarily of an element called Chucktanium.
July 4th is Independence day. And the day Chuck Norris was born. Coincidence? I think not.
As an infant, Chuck Norris' parents gave him a toy hammer. He gave the world Stonehenge.
99 Bugs in the Code.  99 Bugs in the Code.  You take one down, patch it around, 127 Bugs in the code
Chuck Norris does not kick ass and take names. In fact, Chuck Norris kicks ass and assigns the corpse a number. It is currently recorded to be in the billions.
NT is the only OS that has caused me to beat a piece of hardware to death with my bare hands.
The 1972 Miami Dolphins lost one game, it was a game vs. Chuck Norris and three seven year old girls. Chuck Norris won with a roundhouse-kick to the face in overtime.
It is believed dinosaurs are extinct due to a giant meteor. That's true if you want to call Chuck Norris a giant meteor.
Most people fear the Reaper. Chuck Norris considers him 'a promising Rookie'.
Chuck Norris compresses his files by doing a flying round house kick to the hard drive.
Every time someone uses the word 'intense', Chuck Norris always replies 'you know what else is intense?' followed by a roundhouse kick to the face.
The grass is always greener on the other side, unless Chuck Norris has been there. In that case the grass is most likely soaked in blood and tears.
The Internet: where men are men women are men and children are FBI agents.
Chuck Norris recently had the idea to sell his urine as a canned beverage. We know this beverage as Red Bull.
Chuck Norris is responsible for China's over-population. He hosted a Karate tournament in Beijing and all women within 1,000 miles became pregnant instantly.
Chuck Norris is the only person who can simultaneously hold and fire FIVE Uzis: One in each hand, one in each foot -- and the 5th one he roundhouse-kicks into the air, so that it sprays bullets.
All arrays Chuck Norris declares are of infinite size, because Chuck Norris knows no bounds.
Someone once videotaped Chuck Norris getting pissed off. It was called Walker: Texas Chain Saw Masacre.
Chuck Norris is the only person in the world that can actually email a roundhouse kick.
Chuck Norris once shat blood - the blood of 11,940 natives he had killed and eaten.
Chuck Norris recently had the idea to sell his urine as a canned beverage. We know this beverage as Red Bull.
Beware of programmers that carry screwdrivers.
It's widely believed that Jesus was Chuck Norris' stunt double for crucifixion due to the fact that it is impossible for nails to pierce Chuck Norris' skin.
Chuck Norris puts his pants on one leg at a time, just like the rest of us. The only difference is, then he kills people.
The word 'Kill' was invented by Chuck Norris. Other words were 'Die', 'Beer', and 'What'.
Someone once videotaped Chuck Norris getting pissed off. It was called Walker: Texas Chain Saw Masacre.
Chuck Norris's keyboard doesn't have a Ctrl key because nothing controls Chuck Norris.
SON: What are clouds made of? DAD: Linux servers, mostly
Since 1940, the year Chuck Norris was born, roundhouse kick related deaths have increased 13,000 percent.
Chuck Norris built a time machine and went back in time to stop the JFK assassination. As Oswald shot, Chuck met all three bullets with his beard, deflecting them. JFK's head exploded out of sheer amazement.
Paper beats rock, rock beats scissors, and scissors beats paper, but Chuck Norris beats all 3 at the same time.
Chuck Norris doesn't daydream. He's too busy giving other people nightmares.
Everybody loves Raymond. Except Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can drink an entire gallon of milk in thirty-seven seconds.
The phrase 'balls to the wall' was originally conceived to describe Chuck Norris entering any building smaller than an aircraft hangar.
Those aren't credits that roll after Walker Texas Ranger. It is actually a list of fatalities that occurred during the making of the episode.
When you say 'no one's perfect', Chuck Norris takes this as a personal insult.
Saddam Hussein was not found hiding in a 'hole.' Saddam was roundhouse-kicked in the head by Chuck Norris in Kansas, which sent him through the earth, stopping just short of the surface of Iraq.
Chuck Norris? sperm is so badass, he had sex with Nicole Kidman, and 7 months later she prematurely gave birth to a Ford Excursion.
Why Do programmers always mix up Haloween and Christmas? Because Oct31 == Dec25.
Evolution is God’s way of issuing upgrades.
A movie scene depicting Chuck Norris losing a fight with Bruce Lee was the product of history's most expensive visual effect. When adjusted for inflation, the effect cost more than the Gross National Product of Paraguay.
Chuck Norris uses a night light. Not because Chuck Norris is afraid of the dark, but the dark is afraid of Chuck Norris.
My daily Unix command list: unzip; strip; touch; finger; mount; fsck; more; yes; unmount; sleep.
Simply by pulling on both ends, Chuck Norris can stretch diamonds back into coal.
Chuck Norris compresses his files by doing a flying round house kick to the hard drive.
He who lives by the sword, dies by the sword. He who lives by Chuck Norris, dies by the roundhouse kick.
Chuck Norris is actually the front man for Apple. He let's Steve Jobs run the show when he's on a mission. Chuck Norris is always on a mission.
Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks don't really kill people. They wipe out their entire existence from the space-time continuum.
When Bruce Banner gets mad, he turns into the Hulk. When the Hulk gets mad, he turns into Chuck Norris.
Latest survey shows that 3 out of 4 people make up 75% of the world’s population.
Some people like to eat frogs' legs. Chuck Norris likes to eat lizard legs. Hence, snakes.
Chuck Norris once ate an entire bottle of sleeping pills. They made him blink.
When Bruce Banner gets mad, he turns into the Hulk. When the Hulk gets mad, he turns into Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris programs do not accept input.
When Bruce Banner gets mad, he turns into the Hulk. When the Hulk gets mad, he turns into Chuck Norris.
Time waits for no man. Unless that man is Chuck Norris.
Why are fishes illiterate?Because C doesnt have Classes
CNN was originally created as the 'Chuck Norris Network' to update Americans with on-the-spot ass kicking in real-time.
When Chuck Norris wants an egg, he cracks open a chicken.
To err is human – and to blame it on a computer is even more so.
Chuck Norris's OSI network model has only one layer - Physical.
Chuck Norris can judge a book by its cover.
Black holes are where God divided by zero.
Chuck Norris is the only known mammal in history to have an opposable thumb. On his penis.
Penguins love cold... they wont survive the sun.
Why did the chicken cross the road? It was called with theOtherSide(chicken)
For undercover police work, Chuck Norris pins his badge underneath his shirt, directly into his chest.
A programmer is having trouble with his keyboard double-pressing. He asks his coworker what he should do. 'Hit it,' he says. The programmer hits it, but nothing changes. His coworker exclaims 'No, really BASH it!'
Chuck Norris can win a game of Connect Four in only three moves.
The 11th commandment is ?Thou shalt not piss off Chuck Norris? This commandment is rarely enforced, as it is impossible to accomplish.
Some things Man was never meant to know. For everything else there’s Google.
If I wanted a warm fuzzy feeling... I’d antialias my graphics!
Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked someone so hard that his foot broke the speed of light, went back in time, and killed Amelia Earhart while she was flying over the Pacific Ocean.
Chuck Norris once shat blood - the blood of 11,940 natives he had killed and eaten.
Archeologists unearthed an old english dictionary dating back to the year 1236. It defined 'victim' as 'one who has encountered Chuck Norris'
'Let the Bodies Hit the Floor' was originally written as Chuck Norris' theme song.
